Wh-What is that thing?
Dai: Is... Is it alive?!
All right, then...
Goroa: No, stop!
Goroa: I said stop it. Hey!
Enough. What's
the matter with you?
Goroa: Cut it out! Right now!
Please!
Hey, you!
Wh-Who... Who
the heck are you?
Dai: Call me Dai.
Your turn - same question.
You're Dai? The... Hero?
Answer me!
Dai: Don't make me
do this the hard way...
Who are you?
What is that thing, and
what does it want with Leona?
Easy...
That's quite...
a lot of questions to answer
all in one breath, you know...
I am Goroa, the Drumbler.
And I'm the caretaker of the
beating heart of Vearn Palace.
You're the one who controls
where the palace
goes, aren't you?
So... then you also
control this monster?
Why did you take Leona?
Goroa: Oh,
that's no monster.
Not entirely, anyway.
What you're looking at...
is called the
Dark Force Reactor.
Half beast, half
machine, and all power.
So, then this thing...
It's what powers
Vearn Palace?
Goroa: You're a sharp one.
That's exactly right.
Like I said, the Dark Force
Reactor is the palace's heart.
Vearn: It feeds on my Magic
Power, circulating it through
every corner of our stronghold
like an electric current.
It's a living engine, and
our symbiotic relationship
has served me well
through many a conquest...
However, that Kaglimmer
spell the girl conjured
has disrupted our
magical defenses.
The Reactor's connection to
the flow of my Magic
Power has been severed.
If it's starving
for sustenance,
then perhaps
it's malfunctioned.
Goroa: Aye, the
beast-half is just hungry.
That's why it sent
out its tentacles -
it was hunting for more
Magic Power to feed on.
Right, of course.
It went after Leona because
it sensed how powerful she is.
Dai [thought]: But...
It must sense Popp
and me, too...
Why didn't it
take us with her?
Wait, that's it...
She's carrying
Master Avan's Feathers!
That means her
Magic Power is doubled.
With Master gone,
Leona must look like the biggest
meal ever to this thing.
Leona!
I think this creature might
be attracted to the Magic Power
in those Feathers
that Master Avan gave you.
Drop 'em!
Maybe then it'll let you go!
Leona: I-I can't... I can't
reach them like this!
Fine, then...
I'm just gonna
have to destroy it.
Now, hold your horses!
If I let you do that,
King Vearn'll be furious!
Then get it under
control, right now.
Goroa: That's what
I've been trying to do!
Don't you understand?
It has a mind of its own.
The only reason
I can wrangle it...
is because King
Vearn granted me
the power to
control supergravity.
And make no mistake,
I'm using it as we speak!
Okay... But it's not
doing anything at all.
Goroa: That just goes to show
how wildly the
beast is rampaging.
If I stop... If this Gravity
Pulse of mine goes quiet...
we're done.
I'm afraid there's no helping
your friend. She's lunch now.
Goroa: My condolences,
but I've done what I can.
Normally, a creature
caught in those tentacles
would already be consumed.
Really, you should be thanking
me for slowing it down at all.
Forget it.
I'm doing this my way!
You okay?
What the...
It's like I hit
an invisible wall...
You wanna play like that?
Goroa [thought]:
Look at that strength.
He certainly lives
up to his reputation.
At this rate, he may very
well destroy the Reactor...
If I don't stop him, I'm due
for the dungeons... or worse.
I know...
Dai [thought]: It's no use...
Nothing's getting
through the forcefield.
But I have to try...
This might be
dangerous for Leona...
But I'll have to cut this beast
in two with an Avan Strash!
Hold on, Leona...
I'll get you out of there!
Avan...
What's going on?
I feel... So heavy...
Goroa: [chuckling]
I hit you with
the Gravity Pulse.
I take no pleasure
in this, but I had to.
Although, now
that I think about it,
I'm under no obligation
to help you or that girl.
In fact, if I stop
the Hero myself,
I'll wager there's
a handsome reward.
Maybe it's my chance to finally
get out of life in the bilge.
Dai [thought]: Wait a second.
If he's using his Gravity
Pulse to hold me down, then...
Leona: Dai, hurry -
Leona, no!
No, no...
Come on...
You're quite impressive, lad.
But I've got you!
After all, the Dark King
tasked me with keeping that
behemoth of a reactor in
check for a reason, he did.
I hate to tell you, but your
power is no match for mine.
Come on... Move...
Goroa [thought]:
With all that said,
how exactly should
I finish him off?
How poetic.
Dai: Let's go, Dai. Get up.
You have to get up!
If you don't move,
then Leona will be gone.
I'm not losing her!
Goroa: It's too
late to save the girl.
Now that she's
in the cocoon,
it'll only take the
Reactor mere moments
to absorb her life force.
And as mighty as
you may be, Hero,
if I run you through with
this enchanted blade,
I doubt you'll survive.
Once I've done away with you,
I'll get the reactor behaving,
and King Vearn will
see what I'm capable of...
He'll know I can do
whatever I set my mind to,
and commend me!
Vearn: To be defeated by
a little grunt like Goroa,
when he was mere moments away
from the final battle...
For a Hero like Dai,
that seems like a rather
underwhelming ending.
No... This isn't
over until it's over.
Goroa: Indeed.
That's enough chatter...
It's time to
finish you for good!
Dai: [roaring]
[struggling grunts]
There's no point resisting.
Be a good lad
and just give it up!
Dai: Not a chance.
Dai [thought]: Come on...
Is this it, Dragon Crest?
Is this... Is this really...
all the strength that I have?
Because it's not enough.
I've summoned everything
that I have within me...
And I won't stand
a chance against Vearn.
I thought Dragon Knights...
were supposed to be strong...
But if this is the best I can
do, I guess the truth is,
we're actually pretty
weak, aren't we?
All I want is to protect
someone I care about
and I can't even
get off the ground.
Where's all the power
that Dad wielded, huh?
Goroa: Tears of frustration?
Don't be so hard on yourself.
It's not your fault.
I just happened to
be smarter than you.
And now it's time for you
to perish by your own sword!
Fare thee well, Dai!
Dai: D-Dad...
This is when...
This is when Mom died...
Isn't it?
Soala!
Baran: The life
of a Dragon Knight
is one of never-ending
battle, my son.
Dad? It's really you...
You see, throughout
the generations
that came before us...
Many a loved one
has met a tragic end
when they follow us on
our path of destruction.
It is our curse.
Sadly, your mother was one
of those taken from us.
Baran: But... Whatever
the past may be, you are you.
And this is the present.
Baran: So by your hand,
I challenge you to
see if you can break
the curse of the Dragon
Knights, once and for all, Dai!
Baran: Remember the first
time you rescued Leona.
You're far greater... than
any ordinary Dragon Knight.
You carry my soul
along with your own.
That makes you something
never seen before.
So rise.
Stand and fight, my son.
Dai [thought]: Thank you, Dad.
He's right.
The first time
my crest appeared
was when I rescued
Leona from that Scorpion.
I have to draw it
out like back then...
This unknown power
hidden within me...
It's the only
way to unleash it.
My crest in one hand...
and Dad's in the other!
Together, they're more
powerful than gravity.
[overpowered cry]
Goroa [thought]:
What... What was that?
[terrified yell]
Th... Th-Th-Th...
It's impossible!
Dragon Crests on each fist?!
Never in all history...
Dai [thought]: It worked.
I can't believe it.
Dad left me his crest...
Baran: "Although my body
may perish, my soul lives on.
I will be with you
in the battle ahead.
We shall always be together,
never to part again...
Now on your feet.
Stand up, Dai."
Dai [thought]: I didn't
realize it at the time,
but that was when the power of
Dad's Crest entered my body.
That's why I recognized
Mom in my dream,
even though I've never met her.
It was Dad's soul
trying to reassure me.
He's been right here
with me... all this time!
Exactly like he said he'd be.
[trembling]
I see. You've
inherited Baran's power.
The combined strength
of two Dragon Knights.
Twin Dragon Crests.
Truly without precedent.
C-Curse you!
[roaring]
[whimpering]
Wh-Why isn't my
Gravity Pulse working?!
[snarling]
[roaring]
"Set your mind" on this...
Crest Beam!
You blew right through
the reactor's barrier?
[roaring]
[pained groan]
Vearn: Twin Dragon Crests.
Such a threat has
never existed before.
That's the fortune telling
of a Reaper for you.
Their predictions never
fail to come true...
in the worst way imaginable.
Leona, where are you?
Oh, no... Was I
really too late?
That's a relief...
Dai: She's okay!
Wow. That was a
close one... But...
It looks like she's
totally unharmed.
Leona... Wake up.
Dai, I...
What happened?
I was scared for a sec.
Goroa told me that
the Reactor was going to
absorb your life force
if I didn't do something.
For a moment there, I thought
I was going to lose you.
But let me guess: you
took care of it, didn't you?
Just like old times.
Yikes. My clothes
are a disaster.
And I could feel
it taking my energy.
Like it was
squeezing it out of me.
If this Reactor thing was
in the process of
absorbing my Magic Power,
then I shouldn't even be
able to stand right now...
So how'd you do it?
Uh...
Leona: Dai, could you
turn around for a second?
Huh? But, why?
It doesn't matter why. Turn!
Okay, geez.
Leona: Dai, look.
Gomechan shrunk?
Wait, where was he?
He was sort of...
hiding under my clothes.
Under your clothes?
Where under your clothes?
None of your business,
and also not the point!
Leona: I think he
protected me somehow...
It could be that while I was
trapped inside that
Reactor creature,
Gomechan was emitting his own
Magic Power the entire time.
Maybe... that's
what kept that thing
from absorbing
my life force.
Makes sense. You think
he shrunk because of that?
You know... It's not
the first time Gomechan's
pulled out a surprise
to help us in battle.
Sometimes, I think he's got a
mysterious power of his own.
Leona [thought]: It
definitely seems that way.
First with healing
Dai's stamina,
then apparently
bringing Popp back
from the place
between worlds...
Then that time with Chiu,
attacking with
a hardened body...
And now, emitting Magic
Power to protect me.
It's almost like miracles
follow this little guy around.
Let's just forget it.
Leona: Better to not
question something
that's saved our
lives over and over.
And besides, he's almost even
cuter when he's tiny like this.
For now, I think we should let
him get his rest and recover.
I said that was
none of your business!
I didn't mean to.
How was I supposed to
know what you were doing?
Dai: Goroa?!
Aye, lad. You've left
me with no other choice.
I'll pour all of
my own Magic Power
into the Dark Force Reactor,
and drag you down with me!
No, stop!
It's not gonna work!
Goroa: There's no
other option for me.
I promise you,
I'll destroy you both!
Vearn: That's enough.
My... My king?
Vearn: Stand down, Goroa.
Even if the Dark Force
Reactor is lost...
I shall not hold
you responsible.
It seems as though the
ever-turning wheel of fate
has sided with the Hero
for the time being.
Had he climbed the
Tower of Supremacy
without this challenge,
even Dai's greatest efforts
would have been no threat to me.
Other Dark Force
Reactors exist
in the Underworld
should we need one.
I command you to not
provoke Dai any further!
Well, Your Majesty, that
might be your command...
I'm afraid it's too late
for me to turn back now!
Leona, stay behind me.
Leona [thought]: Hang on...
Two Dragon Crests?!
And that stance... it's...
Dai: I'm warning you...
This isn't gonna be
some ordinary spell.
This was my Dad's...
It's the Dragon Knight's...
greatest and most
unstoppable... ace in the hole!
Doruora!
[overwhelmed shriek]
Narrator: With the Dark
Force Reactor obliterated,
and its keeper overcome by the
power of the Twin Dragon Crests,
Dai and Leona make their way
to the top of the
Tower of Supremacy.
There the Dark King awaits,
brimming with malevolent fury,
and intent on
destroying the Hero.
Dai stands strong,
even as old fears resurface
and the Staff of Edacity
threatens to strike.
Will he prevail?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai:
"Vearn, the Dark King".